c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\crud_mvc_plus_report.dll.config
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\crud_mvc_plus_report.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\crud_mvc_plus_report.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\DataAccess.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Domain.Class.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Domain.Class.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\obj\Debug\crud_mvc_plus_report.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\obj\Debug\crud_mvc_plus_report.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\obj\Debug\crud_mvc_plus_report.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WebForms.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\de\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\es\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\fr\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\it\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\ja\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\ko\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\pt\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\ru\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\crud_mvc_plus_report\crud_mvc_plus_report\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
